No error when http fails (#841)
grafana/alloy: CHANGELOG.md

  cluster instance to another could have a staleness marker inserted and result
  in a gap in metrics (@thampiotr)

> - If the port defined in `--server.http.listen-addr` or using the default listen address`127.0.0.1:12345` 
>   is not available then exit Alloy immediately. (@mattdurham)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exit Alloy immediately if the port it runs on is not available. 
  This port can be configured with `--server.http.listen-addr` or using
  the default listen address`127.0.0.1:12345`. (@mattdurham) 
```
